Hi guys
today i'm here the shopping centervale
and today I'm going to look bad has not had
Independent staff if I go back
the game
the staff and fortunately have not been in the
shop on account of the renovation but then go
to arrive
I'll search next time in another
shop but what a shame it did not arrive
then we'll go find another store and I'll
I'm sure that is here was
people today
I 'm going to look for dependents.
I think I already did
and we have several
who is king never have evil
the drawing
the couple and also have the one who is Carlos
what's up
to cool before
I want the bbb couple in their hands.
look how beautiful
people, I already got home, I'm going
show you my very bad couple
Look how cool they are beautiful and I'm going
start showing a box to you
here it's like a mirror of iv
down here has written disney
descendants and has written well is
preparatory to rondon and hardly gives him
lost
they are from hasbro the details of the box
They are very beautiful.
The cool link back here has the photo of the
good, it hurts
and here you are talking a few things about
they in various languages of good
the son of the beautiful and the beast connecting two
worlds
daughter of the malevolent or always choose
path of good
And look how beautiful it is behind this.
beautiful scenery
Now, people, we're going to open, I'm very
excited
Here is the symbol gives evil
and here the simulation right here is as if
was the malevolent and here the faith the line
crown of him
the dolls are articulated the legs the
hands and now we have to
open this part I'll be back
they are beautiful they are with the clothes
Coronation only that it is bad is the change of
clothes at the end part of the song
from the castle dance to my part
movie favorite
so folks went to be with you
have released enchanted kisses to
all of you
bye and see you next video